Skip to content
CardMatch™
Card Category
Card Issuer
Credit Range
Resources
Our Team
ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE
American Express® Gold Card
See Rates & Fees, Terms Apply

Partner Offer

Our rating:
4.9
More information

Good to Excellent

Credit Recommended

More information
Apply now
at American Express's secure site
Intro Bonus
As High As 100,000 points. Find Out Your Offer.
You may be eligible for as high as 100,000 Membership Rewards® Points after spending $6,000 in eligible purchases on your new Card in your first 6 months of Membership. Welcome offers vary and you may not be eligible for an offer.
Reward Rates
4X
Earn 4X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent on purchases at restaurants worldwide, on up to $50,000 in purchases per calendar year, then 1X points for the rest of the year.
4X
Earn 4X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent at US supermarkets, on up to $25,000 in purchases per calendar year, then 1X points for the rest of the year.
3X
Earn 3X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent on flights booked directly with airlines or on AmexTravel.com.
2X
Earn 2X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent on prepaid hotels and other eligible purchases booked on AmexTravel.com.
1X
Earn 1X Membership Rewards® point per dollar spent on all other eligible purchases.
Balance Transfers Intro APR
N/A
Purchases Intro APR
N/A
Regular APR
See Pay Over Time APR
Annual Fee
$325

Great for:

Rewards at restaurants. Ideal for the avid foodie, this card allows you to earn sizable Membership Rewards points at restaurants, as well as at U.S. supermarkets. If you are a frequent traveler who often chooses a different airline, there are also strong ongoing rewards for flights booked directly with airlines or amextravel.com.

See more of the best rewards credit cards.

Highlights
Features
Staff Review

Highlights

You may be eligible for as high as 100,000 Membership Rewards® Points after you spend $6,000 in eligible purchases on your new Card in your first 6 months of Card Membership. Welcome offers vary and you may not be eligible for an offer. Apply to know if you’re approved and find out your exact welcome offer amount – all with no credit score impact. If you’re approved and choose to accept the Card, your score may be impacted.
Earn 4X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent on purchases at restaurants worldwide, on up to $50,000 in purchases per calendar year, then 1X points for the rest of the year.
Earn 4X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent at US supermarkets, on up to $25,000 in purchases per calendar year, then 1X points for the rest of the year.
Earn 3X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent on flights booked directly with airlines or on AmexTravel.com.
Earn 2X Membership Rewards® points per dollar spent on prepaid hotels and other eligible purchases booked on AmexTravel.com.
Earn 1X Membership Rewards® point per dollar spent on all other eligible purchases.
$120 Uber Cash on Gold: Add your Gold Card to your Uber account and get $10 in Uber Cash each month to use on orders and rides in the U.S. when you select an American Express Card for your transaction. That’s up to $120 Uber Cash annually. Plus, after using your Uber Cash, use your Card to earn 4X Membership Rewards® points for Uber Eats purchases made with restaurants or U.S. supermarkets. Point caps and terms apply.
$84 Dunkin' Credit: With the $84 Dunkin' Credit, you can earn up to $7 in monthly statement credits after you enroll and pay with the American Express® Gold Card at U.S. Dunkin' locations. Enrollment is required to receive this benefit.
$100 Resy Credit: Get up to $100 in statement credits each calendar year after you pay with the American Express® Gold Card to dine at U.S. Resy restaurants or make other eligible Resy purchases. That's up to $50 in statement credits semi-annually. Enrollment required.
$120 Dining Credit: Satisfy your cravings, sweet or savory, with the $120 Dining Credit. Earn up to $10 in statement credits monthly when you pay with the American Express® Gold Card at Grubhub, The Cheesecake Factory, Goldbelly, Wine.com, and Five Guys. Enrollment required.
Explore over 1,000 upscale hotels worldwide with The Hotel Collection and receive a $100 credit towards eligible charges* with every booking of two nights or more through AmexTravel.com. *Eligible charges vary by property.
No Foreign Transaction Fees.
Annual Fee is $325.
Terms Apply.

Features

Airline
Dining
EMV
Editor's Pick
Excellent Credit
Free Credit Score
Good Credit
Mobile Pay Ready
No Foreign Transaction Fees
Points
Popular
Presale Tickets
Rewards
Travel
Zero Fraud Liability
Staff Review

Editor's Rating:

4.9 out of 5

Our take:
The annual fee is pricey, but if you’re searching for the most rewarding card for food purchases, the American Express Gold Card may be your best option.  

Read full review

All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review.

See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site.

As seen on:

Stay on top of industry trends and new offers with our weekly newsletter.
Enter your email address
Subscribe

By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy

Follow us

Site
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Consumer Health Information Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
About
Overview
Media Center
Careers
Contact
Customer Support
Partnership Opportunities
Business Development
Media Relations
Contact Us
Related Sites
CardMatch™

Copyright © 2026 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved.

ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE CreditCards.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. The offers that appear on this site are from companies from which CreditCards.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site, including, for example, the order in which they appear within listing categories. Other factors, such as our proprietary website's rules and the likelihood of applicants' credit approval also impact how and where products appear on the site. CreditCards.com does not include the entire universe of available financial or credit offers.
CCDC has partnerships with issuers including, but not limited to, American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citi and Discover.

EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information.

CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit.

We use cookies and similar technologies to understand how you use our services, improve your experience and serve you personalized content and advertising. To manage your cookies and learn more about our use of cookies click “Cookie Settings”.Learn more.
Cookie Settings