Credit CardsCard adviceCapital OneHow to pair the Capital One SavorOne and Quicksilver cards to earn more cash back
Why Trust CreditCards.com
The Capital OneSavorOne and Quicksilver come free of annual fees, and their complementary earning structures ensure you’ll earn more rewards over time – possibly over $700 in your first year.
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date; however, some of our partner offers may have expired. Please review our list of best credit cards, or use our CardMatch™ tool to find cards matched to your needs.
A standard cash back credit card with flat-rate rewards can help you earn hundreds of dollars in cash back each year, and it’s certainly better than nothing. Yet, some consumers opt to sign up for more than one card so they can double up on sign-up bonuses and take advantage of credit card bonus categories.
One cash back duo that works rather well is the Capital One SavorOne Cash Rewards Credit Card and Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card. Both cards come free of annual fees, and their complementary earning structures ensure you’ll earn more rewards over time – possibly up to $700 or more in your first year.
Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card
Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card
$200 if you spend $500 in first 3 months
$200 if you spend $500 in first 3 months
If you sign up for the SavorOne card and spend $200 at grocery stores and $400 on dining and entertainment every month, you can earn $216 in cash back in a year. You’ll also earn the $200 welcome offer after spending $500 on purchases in the first three months, bringing the year one rewards haul on this card to $416. And you aren’t limited to that amount – the sky’s the limit on how much cash back you can earn.
If you spend $600 per month on the Quicksilver card, you can earn $9 per month or $108 in cash back your first year. Throw in the $200 statement credit you earn after spending $500 on purchases within the first three months, and you’ll rack up $308 in cash back during the first 12 months of membership.
With these two cards combined, you could easily earn well over $300 in cash back your first year – even without taking sign-up bonuses into account. Here’s how those rewards might look over the first 12 months of owning both cards:
Earn $416 in the first year
Earn $308 in the first year
Total cash back earned = $700
3% x $200/month on groceries = $6
3% x $400/month on dining and entertainment = $12
1.5% x $600/month on other purchases = $9
Total cash back per month = $27
$27 x 12 months = $324
$324 + $200 sign-up bonus + $200 sign-up bonus = $724
If you add in each of the sign-up bonuses, you’re at $724 in cash back earnings your first year. And that’s just the beginning of what you can earn.
Both of these cash back credit cards let you cash in your rewards for statement credits at a rate of 1 cent apiece. You can’t go wrong with this option. After all, everyone can benefit from statement credits that can be used to pay for anything – even monthly bills.
Sometimes two rewards credit cards are better than one, and the fact that these two cards can help you earn $724 or more your first year proves it. The reality is, both the Capital One SavorOne and Capital One Quicksilver are worth having, and that’s especially true if you strategically use both for all your regular spending and bills.
The editorial content on this page is based solely on the objective assessment of our writers and is not driven by advertising dollars. It has not been provided or commissioned by the credit card issuers. However, we may receive compensation when you click on links to products from our partners.
Emily Sherman is a senior editor at CreditCards.com, focusing on product news and recommendations. She is also one of the founders of To Her Credit, a biweekly series of financial advice by women, for women. When she's not writing about credit cards, she's putting her own points and miles to use planning her next big vacation.
Stay up-to-date on the latest credit card news 一 from product reviews to credit advice 一 with our newsletter in your inbox twice a week.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card guide
Capital One Platinum Credit Card benefits guide
Credit score required for the Capital One SavorOne Cash Rewards card
Credit Card Rate Report
See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2026 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved.
EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information.
CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit.