Credit CardsCard adviceCapital OneThe Capital One Savor cards offer a sign-up bonus of up to $300
The Capital One Savor cards offer a sign-up bonus of up to $300
Why Trust CreditCards.com
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date; however, some of our partner offers may have expired. Please review our list of best credit cards, or use our CardMatch™ tool to find cards matched to your needs.
The Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card*, a favorite of foodies seeking top-notch rewards on dining purchases, offers cardholders a chance to earn $300 cash back for spending $3,000 in the first three months. This sign-up bonus is one of the most generous you can find on a cash back card.
The Savor charges a $95 annual fee, however. If you’d rather avoid an annual fee, the Capital One SavorOne Cash Rewards Credit Card is a good alternative. The SavorOne is currently offering a $200 bonus for cardholders who spend $500 in the first three months, one of the card’s highest bonus offers to date.
See related: Best credit cards for dining
Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card
SavorOne Cash Rewards Credit Card
$300 if you spend $3,000 in first 3 months
$200 if you spend $500 in first 3 months
Estimated earnings in first year ($1,325 monthly spend)
Despite its higher rewards rate, the Savor card’s $95 annual fee could limit your earning potential. The higher sign-up bonus will help you take home more in the first year, but you’ll need to spend most of your money on dining and entertainment every year thereafter to continue to bring home more rewards over time and make up for the annual fee.
Find card offers for you: Some of the credit card offers on this page are no longer available on CreditCards.com, but you can still find a great card offer for you! Our CardMatch tool can help match you with prequalified offers and cards that align with your credit history – with no harm to your credit score. Get personalized offers from our partners in seconds.
When the Capital One Savor card was first upgraded, it boasted a generous $500 intro bonus for cardholders who spent $3,000 in the first three months. Unfortunately, that offer was reduced to $300 in 2019.
$300 if you spend $3,000 in first 3 months
$500 if you spend $3,000 in first 3 months
Until 2020, the SavorOne card bonus has held steady at $150 for cardholders who spent $500 in the first three months. This makes the card’s current offer of $200 with the same spending requirement particularly notable. If you’ve been on the fence about the SavorOne, now may be the best time to apply, as it may be your best chance to secure an elevated sign-up bonus.
$200 if you spend $500 in first 3 months
$150 if you spend $500 in first 3 months
In order to qualify for the cash back intro offer for either the Savor or SavorOne card, you must first meet the card’s application qualifications. Both cards require applicants to have good to excellent credit (above 670) as well as a monthly income of at least $425 more than your rent or mortgage payment.
Capital One also limits the number of accounts you can have open. If you already have five or more credit cards with the bank, you won’t be able to apply. In addition, current and previous account holders might not be eligible for the sign-up bonus.
To earn the $200 cash bonus on the SavorOne card, you only have to spend $500 in the first three months. With the Savor card, however, you’ll need to spend $3,000 in the first three months to get the $300 bonus. This is a more difficult spend threshold to reach, so if your monthly spend is less than $1,000, you are better off with the SavorOne, especially considering the Savor card’s $95 annual fee.
Once you’ve earned cash rewards on your Capital One Savor or SavorOne card, you have a few different redemption options, including the traditional statement credit upon request. You can also set up automatic redemption either at a set time each year or at thresholds anywhere from $25-$200. Alternatively, you can redeem your rewards for a check or gift card or pay with PayPal at many online retailers.
Though the bonus on the Capital One Savor card is not the highest it has ever been, it’s hard to say whether another limited-time offer will ever be available. Since the current $300 bonus is still one of the highest you can get on a cash back card, applying for the Savor is still a good move if the card’s rewards make sense for you. The new offer for the SavorOne, meanwhile, is the best we’ve seen so far, making now a great time to apply.
* Information about the Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card has been collected independently by CreditCards.com and has not been reviewed by the issuers.
The editorial content on this page is based solely on the objective assessment of our writers and is not driven by advertising dollars. It has not been provided or commissioned by the credit card issuers. However, we may receive compensation when you click on links to products from our partners.
Emily Sherman is a senior editor at CreditCards.com, focusing on product news and recommendations. She is also one of the founders of To Her Credit, a biweekly series of financial advice by women, for women. When she's not writing about credit cards, she's putting her own points and miles to use planning her next big vacation.
Stay up-to-date on the latest credit card news 一 from product reviews to credit advice 一 with our newsletter in your inbox twice a week.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card guide
Capital One Platinum Credit Card benefits guide
Credit score required for the Capital One SavorOne Cash Rewards card
Credit Card Rate Report
See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2026 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved.
EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information.
CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit.