Credit CardsCard adviceChaseChase Sapphire Preferred benefits guide
Why Trust CreditCards.com
The Chase Sapphire Preferred is one of the best rewards credit cards out there. With an excellent welcome offer, valuable Ultimate Rewards points and outstanding benefits, it’s a card almost everyone should consider.
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date; however, some of our partner offers may have expired. Please review our list of best credit cards, or use our CardMatch™ tool to find cards matched to your needs.
The Chase Sapphire Preferred Card is one of the best rewards cards out there. With an outstanding welcome offer, the ability to earn valuable Chase Ultimate Rewards points and stellar benefits, it is a card that nearly everyone interested in rewards credit cards should consider. In this article, we’ll take a look at some of the benefits that come with this popular mid-tier travel card.
$50 annual credit on hotel stays purchased through Ultimate Rewards
For $95 a year, the Chase Sapphire Preferred packs in a punch with a slew of benefits, for travel, shopping and otherwise. Any travel you book through the Chase Ultimate Rewards portal will earn you 5X points, whereas travel booked on other third-party sites will still garner 2X points. The card’s strength also lies in providing rewards in non-travel, fixed categories like restaurants, select streaming services and online grocery purchases earning 3X points.
You can also earn a 60,000-point welcome offer, after spending $4,000 in the first three months. The bonus can be worth up to $750 when redeemed through the Ultimate Rewards travel portal since each point is worth 1.25 cents if redeemed that way.
You receive $50 in hotel credit annually when your account opens. When you book hotel stays through the Chase portal, a statement credit of up to $50 will automatically be awarded. You should know, the 5X points on Chase Ultimate Rewards travel won’t apply to any hotel purchases until you’ve used up the $50 hotel credit (which should be fairly easy to do).
New cardholders can take advantage of this benefit immediately, while existing customers can start using this credit after their next account anniversary.
If a trip that you paid for with your Sapphire Preferred card is canceled or cut short due to sickness, severe weather, quarantine imposed upon you or other covered situations, you can take advantage of the Sapphire Preferred’s trip cancellation and interruption insurance. You can get up to $10,000 per person and $20,000 per trip to reimburse you for costs like prepaid hotels, fares or activities.
If your bags are lost or delayed for more than six hours when traveling on a trip paid for with your Sapphire Preferred, you can be reimbursed up to $100 a day for five days. This can cover travel necessities like toiletries and clothing. You, the primary cardholder and all immediate family members traveling with you are covered by the insurance.
Of course, if you accidentally left some possessions behind, they won’t be considered lost or stolen. This particular benefit can be quite useful — covering a max of $3,000 per person, per trip. There is also a sub-limit of $500 on jewelry and watches and $500 on cameras and other electronic equipment per person, per trip.
If you pay for a purchase with your Chase Sapphire Preferred card, you are also covered for damage or theft for any recent retail items, up to 120 days from the date of purchase. You can be reimbursed up to $500 per claim and $50,000 on your account.
Sapphire Preferred cardholders receive a complimentary one-year subscription to DoorDash DashPass. This includes a $0 delivery fee and reduced service fees on orders over $12 for unlimited orders using the DoorDash or Caviar apps. New cardholders have until Dec. 31, 2024, to activate the subscription and take advantage of this offer.
Other redemption methods available to you are statement credit, gift cards, Apple products through the Apple Ultimate Rewards Store, and cash back.
Additionally, if you have more than one Chase Ultimate Rewards card, like the Chase Freedom Flex℠ or Ink Business Cash® Credit Card, you can combine your points and redeem them for the highest possible value.
The Chase Sapphire Preferred is an outstanding credit card and is worth it for just about anyone interested in travel rewards. The 60,000 Ultimate Rewards points from its welcome offer are worth up to $750 when redeemed for travel through Chase Ultimate Rewards, and it earns high rewards on some everyday categories. Between its rewards earning potential and array of travel benefits, it’s easy to see why the Sapphire Preferred is one of the most popular travel cards on the market.
The editorial content on this page is based solely on the objective assessment of our writers and is not driven by advertising dollars. It has not been provided or commissioned by the credit card issuers. However, we may receive compensation when you click on links to products from our partners.
Stay up-to-date on the latest credit card news 一 from product reviews to credit advice 一 with our newsletter in your inbox twice a week.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Credit score needed for the Ink Business Cash Credit Card
Credit Card Rate Report
See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2026 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved.
EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information.
CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit.