Limited Time Offer: Earn a $250 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening
The Chase Freedom Unlimited is one of our top picks for the best credit cards.
Limited Time Offer: Earn a $250 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening
No minimum to redeem for cash back. You can use points to redeem for cash through an account statement credit or an electronic deposit into an eligible Chase account located in the United States!
Keep tabs on your credit health, Chase Credit Journey helps you monitor your credit with free access to your latest score, alerts, and more.
Unsecured credit card
All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review.
See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2026 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved.
EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information.
CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit.