Credit CardsCard adviceChaseChase Sapphire Reserve authorized user benefits
Why Trust CreditCards.com
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date; however, some of our partner offers may have expired. Please review our list of best credit cards, or use our CardMatch™ tool to find cards matched to your needs.
The Chase Sapphire Reserve card is one of the best premium travel cards on the market. It’s a great option for travelers looking to take advantage of a wide variety of benefits, including a $300 travel credit and generous sign-up bonus. This card also features noteworthy authorized user benefits.
Becoming an authorized user on another person’s credit card account has many benefits, for both the additional user and the original cardholder. By becoming an authorized user, you’ll be able to boost your credit score while utilizing a card you potentially couldn’t qualify for on your own. You’ll also be able to take advantage of the card’s rewards offers, which will pool in the main cardholder’s rewards account.
On the other end of the spectrum, adding an authorized user to your own account can help you earn more rewards over time because, as stated above, rewards that authorized users earn will be collected in one account. You can also keep all your spending in one account for the sake of simplicity, which can make sense if you want to pay just one credit card bill for yourself and your partner or a young adult.
Some rewards credit cards even extend important cardholder benefits to authorized users – and for a much lower annual fee than the primary account requires. The Chase Sapphire Reserve is one such card. You’ll only pay $75 per year for an authorized user to be added to your account, but the secondary user can glean much more than that in value.
50,000 points (worth $750 in travel in the Ultimate Rewards portal) when you spend $4,000 on your card within 3 months of account opening
10X points on hotel and car rental purchases through Chase Ultimate Rewards; 5X points on air travel purchases through Chase Ultimate Rewards; 3X points on general travel purchases and restaurants; 10X points on Lyft purchases (through March 2025); 1X points on other purchases; Note: Travel rewards rates apply after the first $300 is spent on travel purchases.
Up to $300 in annual travel credits
Up to $100 toward Global Entry or TSA PreCheck application
The Chase Sapphire Reserve offers too many elite perks and benefits to count, which is why the primary cardholder pays an annual fee of $550. But some of the perks apply to the $75 Chase Sapphire Reserve authorized user account, and we’ve outlined each of them below.
Global Entry or TSA PreCheck credit
Yes; this credit can apply to any Global Entry or TSA PreCheck membership charged to the primary cardholder’s account or the authorized user account, but there is only one credit.
$300 annual travel credit
Yes; charges made on an authorized user’s card are eligible, but there is no extra credit.
One of the most valuable Chase Sapphire Reserve authorized user benefits is the Priority Pass Select airport lounge membership, which is worth approximately $429 if you purchase a similar membership on its own. This membership enables users to access more than 1,300 airport lounges worldwide, and while the primary cardholder is allowed to bring two guests into the lounge with them, an authorized user may want their own membership if they travel alone.
Adding an authorized user to your Chase Sapphire Reserve account will set you back $75 per year. You can add multiple authorized users to your account, although a separate charge will apply for each card. To add four authorized users to your account, for example, you would need to pay an additional $300 per year on top of the annual fee for the primary account.
If you want a spouse, partner or someone else to have access to some major benefits like airport lounge access and travel insurance protection, adding them to your Chase Sapphire Reserve account as an authorized user can make a ton of sense. You’ll only pay $75 per year for each authorized user, yet they’ll receive benefits that can be worth considerably more than that if used often enough.
As you compare Chase credit cards to find the right fit, don’t forget that some other Chase cards offer a few benefits for authorized users. Here are some of the main cards and authorized user benefits to be aware of.
The Chase Sapphire Reserve is one of the best rewards cards due to its generous rewards structure, credits and other perks.
The editorial content on this page is based solely on the objective assessment of our writers and is not driven by advertising dollars. It has not been provided or commissioned by the credit card issuers. However, we may receive compensation when you click on links to products from our partners.
Erin Bendig Erin pairs personal experience with research and is passionate about sharing credit card information and personal finance advice with others.
Stay up-to-date on the latest credit card news 一 from product reviews to credit advice 一 with our newsletter in your inbox twice a week.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Credit score needed for the Ink Business Cash Credit Card
Credit Card Rate Report
See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2026 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved.
EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information.
CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit.