Credit CardsNewsCitiIs the updated Citi Prestige card worth it?
Why Trust CreditCards.com
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date; however, some of our partner offers may have expired. Please review our list of best credit cards, or use our CardMatch™ tool to find cards matched to your needs.
Citi is a CreditCards.com advertising partner.
$250 annual credit on air travel.
$250 annual credit on travel expenses.
Annual fee: $495 (additionally, an authorized user fee of $75 will be implemented).
In brief, the changes mainly consist of hiking the annual fee by $45 a year, raising the points earned on air travel and dining to an attention-grabbing five points per dollar, making the $250 annual credit cover more travel expenses, reducing the redemption rate for travel bookings, capping the fourth free hotel night and adding coverage for cellphone damage or theft.
As with most credit cards, Citi Prestige will make sense for some people but not for others.
The main draw is the increase in points to five points per dollar spent on air travel and dining. That is more points than other cards aimed at diners, such as the Chase Sapphire Reserve (3x points), the Uber Visa Card (4x points), the Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card (4 percent cash back), and the Costco Anywhere Visa Card by Citi (3 percent cash back).
Even though the annual fee is rising, you can think of the $250 annual travel credit as chopping the annual fee in half, and if you can use the free hotel night feature even once a year, the card will pay for itself.
A $500 hotel stay will still be worth 1,500 points, but instead of being worth $18.75 for travel on the existing card, those points are now worth just $15.
The editorial content on this page is based solely on the objective assessment of our writers and is not driven by advertising dollars. It has not been provided or commissioned by the credit card issuers. However, we may receive compensation when you click on links to products from our partners.
Tony Mecia is a freelance business writer based in Charlotte, N.C. In addition to his articles for CreditCards.com, Tony writes for a variety of trade and general-interest publications and companies. As a reporter and editor with the Charlotte Observer, he won “Best in Business” awards from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers for his coverage of the airline and textile industries.
Stay up-to-date on the latest credit card news 一 from product reviews to credit advice 一 with our newsletter in your inbox twice a week.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Credit Card Rate Report
See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site.
By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2026 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved.
EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information.
CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit.